uid	pid	comment	event_score	venue_score
40	1	The guitar work had real weight without swallowing the vocals. The lighting matched the shifts between the quieter verses and the big choruses. The main room worked well, although the washroom and concession lines became slow during the break. Overall I enjoyed the performance, but a few practical details kept the evening from feeling completely smooth.	3	3
79	1	The lighting matched the shifts between the quieter verses and the big choruses. The encore felt earned rather than added just to stretch the set. The room felt intimate without being cramped, and the sound remained clear even during the loudest moments. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	5
92	1	The encore felt earned rather than added just to stretch the set. The guitar work had real weight without swallowing the vocals. Staff moved the lines efficiently, and it was easy to find the section and the exits afterward. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	5
72	1	The guitar work had real weight without swallowing the vocals. The lighting matched the shifts between the quieter verses and the big choruses. The venue had a good atmosphere and the seating layout made the stage easy to follow. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	4
66	5	The band left enough space for the solos to breathe. The quieter passages were detailed, and the rhythm section stayed remarkably tight. The room felt intimate without being cramped, and the sound remained clear even during the loudest moments. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	4
6	5	The quieter passages were detailed, and the rhythm section stayed remarkably tight. The set moved naturally between familiar standards and more adventurous arrangements. Staff moved the lines efficiently, and it was easy to find the section and the exits afterward. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	4
65	5	The set moved naturally between familiar standards and more adventurous arrangements. The band left enough space for the solos to breathe. The venue had a good atmosphere and the seating layout made the stage easy to follow. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	4
34	8	The transitions between acts were quick and kept the energy from dropping. The electronic production sounded much fuller live than it does on recordings. Staff moved the lines efficiently, and it was easy to find the section and the exits afterward. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	4
37	8	The electronic production sounded much fuller live than it does on recordings. The crowd stayed engaged from the opening set through the final track. The venue had a good atmosphere and the seating layout made the stage easy to follow. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	5
45	8	The crowd stayed engaged from the opening set through the final track. The transitions between acts were quick and kept the energy from dropping. Entry was organized, the staff gave clear directions, and the sightline from my section was better than expected. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	4
97	8	The transitions between acts were quick and kept the energy from dropping. The electronic production sounded much fuller live than it does on recordings. The sightline was good, but the seat spacing was tight and the lobby became crowded after the show. Overall I enjoyed the performance, but a few practical details kept the evening from feeling completely smooth.	4	3
61	11	The storytelling between songs made the set feel warm and personal. The vocals were clear, and the band never overplayed the quieter material. The venue had a good atmosphere and the seating layout made the stage easy to follow. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	4
9	11	The vocals were clear, and the band never overplayed the quieter material. The closing songs brought the whole room together. Entry was organized, the staff gave clear directions, and the sightline from my section was better than expected. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	4
85	11	The closing songs brought the whole room together. The storytelling between songs made the set feel warm and personal. The sightline was good, but the seat spacing was tight and the lobby became crowded after the show. Overall I enjoyed the performance, but a few practical details kept the evening from feeling completely smooth.	4	4
20	11	The storytelling between songs made the set feel warm and personal. The vocals were clear, and the band never overplayed the quieter material. Staff moved the lines efficiently, and it was easy to find the section and the exits afterward. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	5
99	13	The pace of the game stayed high and there were several momentum changes. The crowd reacted to every defensive stop, which made the final quarter especially exciting. Entry was organized, the staff gave clear directions, and the sightline from my section was better than expected. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	5
51	13	The crowd reacted to every defensive stop, which made the final quarter especially exciting. The event presentation was polished without distracting from the game. The sightline was good, but the seat spacing was tight and the lobby became crowded after the show. Overall I enjoyed the performance, but a few practical details kept the evening from feeling completely smooth.	3	4
66	13	The event presentation was polished without distracting from the game. The pace of the game stayed high and there were several momentum changes. Staff moved the lines efficiently, and it was easy to find the section and the exits afterward. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	4
62	13	The pace of the game stayed high and there were several momentum changes. The crowd reacted to every defensive stop, which made the final quarter especially exciting. The venue had a good atmosphere and the seating layout made the stage easy to follow. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	4
24	16	The speed on the ice was much more impressive in person. Both teams played with intensity, and the crowd stayed loud through the final period. The sightline was good, but the seat spacing was tight and the lobby became crowded after the show. Overall I enjoyed the performance, but a few practical details kept the evening from feeling completely smooth.	3	3
72	16	Both teams played with intensity, and the crowd stayed loud through the final period. The breaks in play were handled efficiently and the game never felt dragged out. Staff moved the lines efficiently, and it was easy to find the section and the exits afterward. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	4
51	16	The breaks in play were handled efficiently and the game never felt dragged out. The speed on the ice was much more impressive in person. The venue had a good atmosphere and the seating layout made the stage easy to follow. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	5
98	16	The speed on the ice was much more impressive in person. Both teams played with intensity, and the crowd stayed loud through the final period. Entry was organized, the staff gave clear directions, and the sightline from my section was better than expected. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	5
79	19	The match had a strong competitive rhythm and several genuinely dangerous chances. The supporters created a lively atmosphere without overwhelming the action on the field. Staff moved the lines efficiently, and it was easy to find the section and the exits afterward. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	4
54	19	The supporters created a lively atmosphere without overwhelming the action on the field. The final stretch was tense enough to keep everyone standing. The venue had a good atmosphere and the seating layout made the stage easy to follow. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	4
47	19	The final stretch was tense enough to keep everyone standing. The match had a strong competitive rhythm and several genuinely dangerous chances. Entry was organized, the staff gave clear directions, and the sightline from my section was better than expected. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	4
32	19	The match had a strong competitive rhythm and several genuinely dangerous chances. The supporters created a lively atmosphere without overwhelming the action on the field. The room felt intimate without being cramped, and the sound remained clear even during the loudest moments. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	5
36	22	The rallies were longer and more tactical than I expected. Seeing the players adjust their positioning point by point was the highlight for me. The venue had a good atmosphere and the seating layout made the stage easy to follow. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	5
49	22	Seeing the players adjust their positioning point by point was the highlight for me. The presentation between sets was organized and did not interrupt the flow. Entry was organized, the staff gave clear directions, and the sightline from my section was better than expected. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	4
86	22	The presentation between sets was organized and did not interrupt the flow. The rallies were longer and more tactical than I expected. The room felt intimate without being cramped, and the sound remained clear even during the loudest moments. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	5
30	22	The rallies were longer and more tactical than I expected. Seeing the players adjust their positioning point by point was the highlight for me. The staff were helpful, though the sound was slightly harsh near the beginning before it settled. Overall I enjoyed the performance, but a few practical details kept the evening from feeling completely smooth.	4	4
82	25	The strongest jokes built on earlier moments instead of feeling like disconnected one-liners. The performer handled the audience interaction confidently without embarrassing anyone. Entry was organized, the staff gave clear directions, and the sightline from my section was better than expected. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	5
45	25	The performer handled the audience interaction confidently without embarrassing anyone. The pacing was sharp, and even the quieter sections paid off later. The room felt intimate without being cramped, and the sound remained clear even during the loudest moments. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	5
25	25	The pacing was sharp, and even the quieter sections paid off later. The strongest jokes built on earlier moments instead of feeling like disconnected one-liners. The staff were helpful, though the sound was slightly harsh near the beginning before it settled. Overall I enjoyed the performance, but a few practical details kept the evening from feeling completely smooth.	4	3
37	28	The choreography used the full width and depth of the stage. The lighting made the ensemble patterns much easier to appreciate. The room felt intimate without being cramped, and the sound remained clear even during the loudest moments. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	4
30	28	The lighting made the ensemble patterns much easier to appreciate. The final piece was controlled, expressive, and visually memorable. The staff were helpful, though the sound was slightly harsh near the beginning before it settled. Overall I enjoyed the performance, but a few practical details kept the evening from feeling completely smooth.	3	3
92	28	The final piece was controlled, expressive, and visually memorable. The choreography used the full width and depth of the stage. The venue had a good atmosphere and the seating layout made the stage easy to follow. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	4
104	31	The cast sustained the tension without rushing the quieter scenes. The staging was simple but used shadows and entrances very effectively. The staff were helpful, though the sound was slightly harsh near the beginning before it settled. Overall I enjoyed the performance, but a few practical details kept the evening from feeling completely smooth.	3	4
8	31	The staging was simple but used shadows and entrances very effectively. The performances made the emotional turns feel believable. The venue had a good atmosphere and the seating layout made the stage easy to follow. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	4
7	31	The performances made the emotional turns feel believable. The cast sustained the tension without rushing the quieter scenes. Entry was organized, the staff gave clear directions, and the sightline from my section was better than expected. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	5
19	34	The principal voices carried clearly over the orchestra. The production balanced spectacle with enough quiet space for the dramatic scenes. The venue had a good atmosphere and the seating layout made the stage easy to follow. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	4
98	34	The production balanced spectacle with enough quiet space for the dramatic scenes. The final ensemble had impressive control and emotional weight. Entry was organized, the staff gave clear directions, and the sightline from my section was better than expected. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	5	4
18	34	The final ensemble had impressive control and emotional weight. The principal voices carried clearly over the orchestra. The room felt intimate without being cramped, and the sound remained clear even during the loudest moments. I would happily attend another performance of this event, especially at a venue where the production can be experienced this closely.	4	4
